https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-30244 CAPZ Troubleshooting/KI (#8646)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/release_notes/mce_known_issues.adoc

Learn about Known issues for Cluster lifecycle with {mce-short}, such as issues with creating, discovering, importing, and removing clusters, and more cluster management issues for {mce-short}.

=== Cluster API and Cluster API Provider for Azure deployments not creating pods

When you deploy `cluster-api` and `cluster-api-provider-azure` components, the Cluster API controllers might not create pods.

To work around the issue, complete the following steps:

. Verify that the `cluster-api` component is enabled. Run the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get mce multiclusterengine -o json | \
  jq -r '.spec.overrides.components[] | select(.name | contains("cluster-api"))'
----

> . Check if the `hypershift` component is causing a conflict. Run the following command:

Reviewer: I would add here what they should see--how they can tell.

 Check if the `hypershift` component is causing a conflict. Run the following command to check if the `hypershift` component is ____ . (what would indicate it is in conflict)

Author: I applied this suggestion, thanks!

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get deployment -n hypershift
----

> . Force {mce-short} reconciliation. Run the following command:

Reviewer: Is that if hypershift is causing conflict, or just another step? What is the reconciliation for?

Author: @marek-veber?

+
[source,bash]
----
oc annotate mce multiclusterengine force-reconcile=$(date +%s) --overwrite
----

link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-30244[ACM-30244]

> === HyperShift conflict when creating Microsoft Azure Red Hat OpenShift {hcp} clusters by using Cluster API Provider for Azure

Reviewer: We should conref this if not already: Microsoft Azure Red Hat OpenShift

Reviewer: This too: Cluster API Provider for Azure (but it can come later if needed)

Author: Should I add this in a new PR or here @swopebe?

Reviewer: that is what I do when I write something that requires a product name conref, but that is up to you.

Author: OK I'll create a new PR since it will be easier to use find and replace for the instances that are not in this PR

You might not be able to create Azure Red Hat OpenShift {hcp} clusters by using Cluster API Provider for Azure if the `hypershift` and `cluster-api` controllers are running at the same time.

To resolve the issue, complete the following steps:

. Disable the `hypershift` component. Run the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----

> oc patch mce multiclusterengine --type=merge -p '{"spec":{"overrides":{"components":[{"name":"hypershift","enabled":false},{"name":"hypershift-local-hosting","enabled":false}]}}}'

Reviewer 2: UPS, this is a bit of a dangerous command:
❌ It WILL REPLACE the entire `components` array - losing all other components!

We are using:
```bash
oc patch mce multiclusterengine --type=merge -p "{\"spec\":{\"overrides\":{\"components\":$(oc get mce multiclusterengine -o json | jq -c '.spec.overrides.components | map(if .name == "hypershift" or .name == "hypershift-local-hosting" then .enabled = false else . end)')}}}"
```

Author: Updated!

----

> . Wait for the `hypershift` component to be removed. Run the following command:

Reviewer: this is confusing. You are running the command to wait for the removal? I would lead with:

Run the following command and wait for the `hypershift` component to be removed. (is _deleted_ better)

Author: Updated

+
[source,bash]
----
oc wait --for=delete namespace/hypershift --timeout=5m
----

link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-30244[ACM-30244]

> === Microsoft Azure authentication errors when creating Microsoft Azure Red Hat OpenShift {hcp} clusters by using Cluster API Provider for Azure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Microsoft Azure authentication fails when creating Microsoft Azure Red Hat OpenShift {hcp} clusters by using Cluster API Provider for Azure
```

When you create Azure Red Hat OpenShift {hcp} clusters by using Cluster API Provider for Azure, the cluster creation might fail because of Microsoft Azure authentication errors.

> To work around the issue, make sure that you are able to connect to Microsoft Azure with your credentials. Complete the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To work around the issue, ensure you are connected to Microsoft Azure with your credentials. Complete the following steps:
```
